everybody welcome back northernlion The
Binding of Isaac after birth plus I'm
doing a daily challenge I'm going to try
something new
yesterday's daily was not actually that
bad but I've been playing bad Isaac
lately here's our daily not looking at
the scores and take a second to pet
Telmo hey Tomo give me your energy for
this run please buddy this is a run that
should go to delirium I don't know what
the scores are today I don't know what
my ranking was yesterday but it was
probably finished in like the 500s and I
guess not that bad considering we
whipped on it pretty hard at a certain
point at least I am going to go to our
cursed room here cursed images and
really I just need I'm mixing things up
now at what point do I realize that my
slump breaking mechanics have not been
working as effectively as I'd like you
know first I was like we got a good
burst first I was like we got to keep
everything the same just keep doing it
the same you win with the same stress
most of the time variances screw when
you don't get it twisted and then that
didn't get me out of the slump as
quickly as I'd like and then I said okay
let's mix it up try playing is the
keeper try playing is the loft that
didn't work either
so you know what today I'm taking the
pressure off what is this two staves
it's actually pretty great right now but
we really really would like to encounter
a single bomb wait there's a red heart
in our shop we should go back to that
just because it is relevant right now
I'm trying to get one more penny if
possible as well because we could get to
our shop which is sadly up there I say
sadly because there could have been a
library or something right there it was
right next to our spawn room but that's
okay as well bombs are so valuable here
we have tinted rocks and we have secret
room chances and obviously we have that
stone chest as well and the stone chest
is like the most valuable of all of them
so I'll just tell you straight up this
is like the worst possible boss to fight
on this floor to the best of my
knowledge you know there's there's
several Ragman
of the champion persuasion I don't know
if this is the worst one I'm pretty sure
this is the one that just spawns like 20
spiders and then after you kill them he
just walks around raising them over and
over and over so like ride man is most
vulnerable when he spawns his head
because he takes damage when you shoot
the head but then also he doesn't really
attack you during that phase either as
long as you don't walk into the head
you're usually pretty good so we got to
strike an unfortunate balance here
between crowd control and also dealing
damage to this guy himself he's got like
a Duke of flies thing going on where
he's kind of got like you've got
protection the thing as long as we don't
get it too twisted we should live for
certain real question is whether or not
champion rag man does one full heart of
damage because if he does we're going to
be displeased if he doesn't we're
probably fine for is it for spiders is
too many this is too many spiders I
don't know if there's a limit to the
number that he can resurrect as well
like there's a limit to the number that
he can spawn you might be able to
resurrect all of the dead ones forever
so I'm not I'm not too bummed out about
getting hit once although it was
preventable damage this is a tough boss
fight that's going to annoy a lot of
people we got bombs back okay so we're
going to be very very slow leaving this
floor but we should make up for it later
hopefully this is the second secret room
it is not but we do get a spear at hard
our regular secret room is in kind of a
weird potential location that's
extremely good
and the luck upgrade is very nice as
well like that's not going to be the
secret room so this is almost certainly
the secret room what we could basically
go to the shop for free right now but
I'm going to abstain all right well at
this point there's really only one
possible location for this all right
well disregard that I don't know why I
wasted all those bombs but hey at least
we got all those consumables and we've
got more money more than enough money I
should say to spawn a blood bank on this
floor which would be very nice for us
unfortunately I have no bombs with which
to access that area over there but you
know what big things have small
beginnings what we got here
High Priestess good card use that
immediately on the boss and save voids
that we have already we want to get like
a damage upgrade as soon as possible
void is one of the easiest ways we can
make that happen little horn would have
been super annoying we definitely do not
care about Plan C but I do care about
precedent so I'm going to grab that
despite of being effectively useless we
got a damage in a shot speed increase
good especially considering we got a lot
of floor left to take care of here so
that actually was pretty solid too his
fades gives us it means we have three
keys right now effectively and we
probably want to start going to the shop
just on the off-chance that is one of
the lucky shops seven cents is enough to
possibly make things work and you know
there is an exploration bonus tied to it
as well all right I'm feeling I'm
feeling relaxed I'm feeling better I'm
putting too much pressure on myself I
know that it's a very self-serving thing
to say is like putting so much pressure
on myself in my extremely stressful line
of work but now I've been way too
focused on the results of Isaac and
sometimes when you focus on the results
distracts from actually achieving them
you know sometimes it can be helpful
you're going to write an exam and it's
only got one question the teacher let
you know what the essay question was
going to be ahead of time you should
prepare yourself to be able to write
that essay there's no question about it
we don't really want to suck up to D 10
I'd rather just save the
arge honestly but in a lot of cases
think the best way to prepare for an
exam just to learn the material focus on
making sure you know what has a good
chance to be taught now that I've gotten
that preaching that's out of the way
what I mean to say is never do your
homework that's not true I don't know
what I want your staffs I guess amnesia
is basically irrelevant
I wanted bombs - but no pill can give
you bombs if you don't have keys so we
haven't been to the shop yet right I
think we should buy a bomb if there is
one we're not going to be able to get
the humbling bundle like this so we
should grab this bomb and then hope that
we get secret room and we can open the
golden chest and the golden chest gives
us enough money to get a humbling bundle
sometimes you can get an extra penny or
something out of this - two cents that's
something then you use a bomb here you
get a bomb back anyway we do get the
secret room you've got two bombs
we got a vore pill that could have
caused me some serious problems and now
we need keys we want keys to get Black
Lotus okay well we got three bombs we
can get one key very easily we don't
even need to go to our shop and spend
money and we're going to use another
bomb now we got to make sure we get this
we also need to speed up that's like I
hope that that's fairly obvious there's
Black Lotus it's very very nice HP
upgrade but I think apart from that
we're just we're gone that's life and
let's move on I think we'll go to the
cursor yeah we shouldn't go just yet I
mean I know we're a minute behind
schedule I want to minimize backtracking
but if we get like guppies head in there
we want to have void ready to play we
don't want to have to walk back in so
I'm going to peep these rooms I don't
really want to but I also want to get
charges as soon as possible so what kind
of torn here we have to do hush and I
know that like I said that yesterday and
we ended up missing hush and still doing
okay not amazing but okay today we have
to do hot
that's where the points come in because
we got to get to the Delirium floor so
we even if we miss boss rush that's not
a cataclysmic thing although it would be
bad gotta do hush so what's the big
winner for you as apollyon by the way
really we can find one library that has
a Book of Revelations or a Satanic Bible
in it we pretty much win the game I
think at least but I had I've been known
to be wrong before sure okay
he's too fast this is an enemy that's
too fast for us I don't I can't take
advantage of the battery charge so let's
just move on all right not too rattled a
little bit of damage but I wouldn't
describe it as bad damage you know with
base speed and still relatively average
damage you're going to get hit from time
to time especially by enemies that chase
you down an hour tanky as heck we're
lucky we've got the resiliency to
survive mentally and or no but in terms
of our in terms of our stats especially
HP for certain so that is like case
number one
first off greatest dodge I've ever made
secondly that's case number one for why
we need to stack items on void because
once every six rooms mom's bra not
really crushing it yet we do have
battery charges back there though so we
can recover the quarter it's really good
if we can get some more keys I don't
like our character is dressed for a
funeral right now I also don't like how
I just pronounced funeral counterfeit
pennies also great like to expedite this
whole process of getting strong if you
could just drop one of the items that
makes us strong immediately like it was
the matrix that would be awesome I'll
use a bomb here and this is great this
is actually amazing black rune is so
good for us it's like a version of the
void that hates bad
active you know it turns them into into
stats could save us a lot of hassle a
was is not necessary but not necessarily
without use either it's a weird sense
say algae's is also nice but first pop a
was just get it out here see what you
get then I think we take algae's into
our room here this is kind of an
interesting call nightlight is okay
especially at fighting hush so I think
I'm going to grab it and I think I'm
going to grab this just to save us the
time of walking back and then I'm going
to go fight hush not hush whatever the
boss is on this floor
you can't know yet but I'm going to take
the black rune in with me
it would be maybe best to take algae's
but the black rune allows us to reroll
bad active items into stat increases on
the deal with the devil if we're lucky
enough to get one so at this point you
got to acknowledge we probably should
have taken Telmo you can exit in a
moment buddy we probably should have
taken algae's this is a small pestilence
fight is extremely annoying we
definitely want the orbital so we'll
take that and then that's it so we'll
grab this grab this we're going to take
black room with us does blacker and do
anything on the shops because we have
another one back here nah does nothing
all right so we're going to go back grab
black rune don't need al just go down to
the next floor still a min of iron
scheduled for boss rush but also still
live in life didn't really improve much
on that floor but didn't you know throw
throw the dream away but we're urging
Lee kind of requiring the speed up right
now these enemies are predictable enough
oh jeez
okay well yep this is a little dicey in
here but I'm going to say these enemies
are predictable enough that we can use
our orbital to to hurt them pretty badly
but the beam enemies are the ones that
are the the biggest pain in the butt
just 4.5 damage is not going to carry us
too much longer this is exactly what we
asked for so far be it for me to
complain we're going to pick it up use
it Quinn okay and then we're going to
grab this now we're getting mad spirit
arts every time you get a battery charge
that's a spirit heart once every six
rooms if we got nothing better to use it
on we're going to be stoked these are
the wrong enemies to use orbital damage
against but to be honest with you we
might end up having to do it just by
virtue of you know them not dying until
they get right up in our face so try to
kite them along as long as possible here
but so don't I think another thing I'm
guilty of is is it's the number one pet
peeve I have for myself and I'm falling
victim to it we just suck that up get
luck and shot speed it's okay at least
but it what I was going to say and now
it's thankfully not an issue is don't
get too cute with the black room you
know if you think you find a situation
where the black room seems useful just
go for it like we do not lose by getting
a luck upgrade you know we lose by
getting nothing out of out of that black
room so thankfully we've at least gotten
some value out of this you know I've
done enough dailies in my in my life
here to know that we're in a bit of a
tight spot here on time the runs tend to
get slower as they go along not faster
you know those first floors the enemies
are easier there's less space less rooms
I guess I should say we should really
really I mean like I want to go to the
shop I really do so we got a we got to
get out ahead of this one we're not even
going to have a battery charge which is
extremely unfortunate but if we want to
have any chance of making it the boss
direction think we got to go for it here
I'm a little a little predicting this
Daly's not going to be the necessarily
you know highest added daily of all time
we have taken what I would consider like
almost every available up that was so
bad
almost every available opportunity to
create damage upgrades out of nothing we
want to take that just yet and the
reason was actually very astute it sucks
we got a I think we got to look for a
battery charges we're taking the deaths
touch anyway didn't get a battery charge
but got something good because it would
have been nice to suck up book of sin
but not the end of the world either way
experimental treatment did give us every
stat that we wanted except speed
basically but the the damage upgrade is
really nice there it didn't give us any
bad stats is what I mean to say alright
so that was not a perfect floor we
didn't get to go to the shop we didn't
get the suck out book of sin but
all-in-all I think we actually improved
ourselves a great deal there we got a
nice all this is so good we got a nice
damage upgrade in the form of death
touch and then experimental treatment
was pretty good as well we got closer to
the bookworm transformation and we're
still holding steady at a minute behind
schedule for boss rush but I mean
obviously it's not perfect but it's not
terrible we actually do now thanks to
Booker book of revelations have like a
good reason to use the void every six
rooms you know previously we've just
been a whole not honest thing nothing to
deal with is like a old prophylactic you
got stuck in your wallet or something
like that and now you got I don't know
this is getting into an uncomfortable
analogy the point is you shouldn't keep
a prophylactic in your wallet because
that's where you keep your money and you
wouldn't want your money to get dirty no
that's you know everyone knows this I
think it's one of the one of the
ultimate rules of condoms you never keep
them in your wallet you never put on two
of them and then you know when in doubt
you can use it as a sweet little joke
mechanic you put it over your head and
then blow it up with your nose and you
look like a cool dude so we were going
to take demon baby demon baby is fine
I'm not sure if you notice but we have
suffered a little bit in the damage
department so I'm
uh fairly content I'm going to go for it
that went fine I'm fairly content to
take something that hurts enemies to get
close to me seems like that's going to
be important for us on this run any
extra damage dealing source is something
I can't afford to turn up my nose at
right now we do have the shot spa we
have the shot speed necessary to hurt
these guys pretty good from pretty far
across the map unfortunately our speed
itself is actually god-awful so you know
it's nice that we got pace when it comes
to killing enemies but we need to speed
ourselves up as well you know I mean you
could buy caffeine pill and then suck it
up but I don't actually care caffeine
pills not good enough not enough present
circumstances anyway so at this point
I'd say we save our oh that's pretty
good I'd say we save our voice charge
and try to use it make sure we can get
through whatever we get from our boss
fight here and I know that we've got
more stuff to do on this floor but we
really really have to bounce you know
sometimes you can only read the synopsis
sometimes you can only get the spark
notes you can't get the whole book I
mean come on To Kill a Mockingbird
that's like 200 pages I don't have time
for that
the NL s s is on teacher now the sun
card is amazing as long as we don't get
okay that's the most beautiful debt the
sun card is amazing as long as we don't
get curse with the lost on the next
floor grab that grab this next floor
didn't get a deal with the devil
completely okay sick okay so we walk
into one room pop this immediately do we
want the left hand why not why did you
not get affected by mom's bra that seems
wrong okay come over here I'm not
necessarily expecting to be Gubbi but
you know I wouldn't turn on my nose at
it either
you know what let's check it fairly
worth it I'd say the game plan on this
floor is really you know make it to boss
rush if we make it to boss rush void is
okay and I'm not going to say it's the
best void of all time but we do have a
spirit heart coming out on the regular
just start by working your way to the
boss fight just in case we do have a
spirit are coming out on the regular and
mom's bra is not necessarily bad if we
get our deal with the devil at least you
know we might have extra damage to kill
the enemies while they're in that very
very short mom's bra state which if I
had to give a state to the mom's bras
state I'm going to say New Mexico why
New Mexico I don't know what I've taken
other states as the butt of jokes before
I don't think I've ever rag on New
Mexico because I mean you always just
forget that it exists this has been the
northernlion 50 states tour it's like a
twisted fevered dream of searching
Stevens what do we got here battery
charge three cents it's actually a
pretty good deal we should be able to
kill mom not with it being super forever
what am I trying to say here that was an
expression that made no sense well again
that is mom shouldn't be that tough
because we got a second level Cuba me
it's not a great item always but a great
item against mom without a doubt dude
just give me like Necronomicon as my as
my other space bar item that's all I ask
for it
I'll take angry fly but I should have
saved a battery charge to suck it up we
just ran out of time to go back and and
get it changed but angry fly is pretty
terrible and I always do this I always
go I'll just do one more room and then I
go to the boss fight and it's like no no
no no no no what was I thinking on it or
not okay so get the battery charge I
don't think we already use the other
battery charger figure out 35 seconds to
beat mom we should be okay
for myriad reasons but I'd rather not
use the void much better to use it to
suck up some of those boss rush items
that was a great moment for us and
therefore the world that's fine not
sweating it take the Polaroid going the
boss rush we have ten seconds to spare
buddy oh do it okay so this is tough
because I would love to suck these up I
would also love to just get epic AK but
you don't do that what you do instead is
grab this and then you have Tech X and
you just go crazy because you're a god
now Tech X is better than I mean that's
the best like commendation I can give
the Tech X it's better than wow all of
those items put together including
ipecac which is an item that like
probably you know ninety let's make it
an odd number so it makes sense like
ninety seven out of a hundred times I
would I would take that on boss rush
because it just changes your fortune so
easily Tech X is just that much better
so we're in an amazing spot as far as
I'm concerned we do need to or at least
would like to finish this boss rush in
an expedited fashion because we have to
go to the hospitai however as compared
to yesterday's run we're so much better
equipped I'm trying to spam out shots
here by the way it's not as easy as you
might expect also some of the enemies
are unaffected by mom's bra which
threatens and offends me but what are
you doing they're angry fly just sort of
hanging about huh hey old man what Sheen
Wilhemina people bag of Doritos there we
go
if human giant old yet trying to think
like you know human shine was an mtv
sketch show that was contemporary when i
was in the middle of my university
career how does these sans re of course
very famous for parks of recreation is
stand-up specials and also the excellent
Netflix original series master of none
and then Paul Scheer of course famous
for the how did this get made podcast
and then also these on the league which
is probably what is more well known for
and also Rob Huebel who you may know as
the dude who plays the dude who fucks
the main characters life in every movie
ever he's always the scumbag dude who's
like you know one level higher at the
company than you are and he's like sorry
dude you know I you just know I had to
tap that he's got a great face for
playing a dick bag but I think like that
is now probably as old as mr. show was
when I started watching mr. show which
is a scary thought for me you know
because that means that I'm on the verge
of almost being a little bit old not
quite old but old enough that people who
are 19 are like you lived through a
different era and it's true man yeah
that's right I had Napster come and get
me pigs I ain't ever scared so at this
point we are basically just using void
as if it's mom's bra it's not a great
look for us right now coming soon I
don't know why I said that is if I
worked for a movie theater we should
start to consider not using void not
just because we're basically at full HP
but because we want to possibly be able
to suck up whatever the remaining item
is that we get when we finish this this
boss rush we got to be getting somewhat
close like we're not we're not killing
things too quickly our rate of fire is a
little too bad for us to be getting
through here in record time but
yeah I don't think we should use this
all we're getting out of it is mom's bra
which is like the ultimate who cares the
existence of mom's bra functionally
changes like almost nothing if we had
one HP and we were on a room with things
chasing us down yeah give me mom's bra
but but we're not so now we can go pick
up this Black Card thank you for not
hitting me I mean you can tell I'm a few
thousand points below where I like to be
at this point on a boss rush I don't
know if that's par for the course on
today's daily because I didn't look at
the scores is that a strategy that's
working out for me I don't know I
consider myself skeptical enough that
you know I know variance is a thing and
many things can have an impact on our
performance right so I wouldn't deign to
suggest that my new philosophical
mindset for today has made any
difference whatsoever I think we're a
few thousand points lower because I
didn't really get a good chance to
explore just stood there and watch that
shot come in I didn't really get a good
chance to explore or try to like max out
any consumables or anything like that
predominantly because we were so weak
that we had to rush from basically like
the second floor onwards actually from
the first floor onwards the champion
Ragman set us back like to be out of
that floor by like 90 seconds I give
myself three minutes but if you can get
out of that floor by 90 seconds you're
in a good spot okay so I'd like to be
done with boss rush like right now ideal
outcome here by the way did you die
we can't we got a huge tears upgrade
that's very nice um ideal item would
have been speed but in a way shot speed
not shopping sorry rate of fire does
allow us to circumvent having pretty bad
speed because it means that I can kill
enemies before they can get to me
because I can just spam shots or at
least I can spam them more easily than I
used to be able to at least so we're
definitely uh you know we got our eyes
peeled for the hush fight now what I
mean to say by that of course because
I'm the nine-year-old man is and do the
hush fight this did it did it did it I
mean I could I know the whole tune of
the hustle I can just keep doing that
for the next 15 minutes but that would
be a new low I think as far as my
YouTube content is concerned although I
don't know I did die three times as a
polygon in a video this week and do it
daily where I walked into the trophy
accidentally in a just Cataclysm of
disaster so we again you know we could
Book of Revelations with a nail I think
we will because I don't mind getting a
third level and some it's not the end of
the world I don't mind getting a third
level of bandage girl probably second
level is better but we don't have any
permanent polaroid invincibility or
anything to compromise who right so it's
a shame actually we got teleported
because I might like to suck up that
item although since we're not on boss
rush anymore we're living in a post boss
rush world Krampus is head is not that
useful anymore
you know we're doing adequate damage
ourselves largely thanks to that awesome
tears upgrade and we're not going to
have anymore you know multi charge rooms
in all likelihood so helped up I'm
thankful for it but it is largely
irrelevant can I pay that forward to a
future run that I'm potentially going to
die on because
nice so we don't need to use this
anymore we should basically just use the
void whenever we are lower on HP
whenever we like are lower than full
line HP basically I'm a little tool you
gotta suck it up right yeah as a speed
upgrade well worth it we do want to be
able to suck up krampus instead just
because it's the right decision you know
you never know when something that even
if it seems minor might have like a
pretty important impact so we might as
well give it a try but certainly if we
get the chance to suck up a passive that
stinks we'd rather do that because I
mean I don't know if you need me to tell
you this curse the tower is kind of
garbage I'm the kind of guy who'll
reroll my whole run you know on the
chest even if it is a dailies at least
some of the time if the dailies already
lost I'll throw the you know something
at the wall to see what sticks it's you
know why by the way there's like a
lasting legacy of this one daily that
came out soon after the release of
rebirth or I guess afterbirth cos
afterbirth that at the dailies right I
believe so
anyway there was a day leery where the
lost it was post holy mantle so you
started with holy mantle but the right
call
was to actually reroll statistically
speaking like you lost holy mantle of
course but you got an amazing damage
upgrade or something like that and it
just like tied the whole run together
and I lost as a result of my reticence
to re-roll which is that sounds like a
very erudite scooby-doo saying that my
reticence to re-roll now which don't
winter of our discontent okay but you
know make glorious some of other sons of
York we all got to say once is what is
dead may never die let's go um not not
11 life right now on in with respect to
you know the whole hey could we please
get to the hush fight in whatever sort
of stuff going on right here because I'm
not sure if you're familiar with this
but we're running a little bit light on
time here this has to be our it's the
only way that can lead to something
that's not a dead end
so it must be in this direction the only
question is how long how
unless I sing this song how long how low
whoa you know Sunday Bloody Sunday by
YouTube probably pretty popular song
whatever old man okay let's let's go I
think we're going to be able to make it
might be right we got to boss fights
that's correct so I'm going to use my
orbital light it I was going to say like
it owes me money it's an expression that
doesn't really make sense in this
context grab that line to back
uh sure got the stuff to make a booty go
smack we got it we got a this is like a
million points on the line right here we
don't have an orbital a more bandage
girl we've done it forget Krampus we
just want to make sure we get to the
hush fight we don't I don't care about
Krampus I said as much as I care about
getting to this hush fight and I think
that the hush fight door might have
stayed open
but boss rush doesn't so you can forgive
me a thing for making the well reasoned
choice here so I did make it I don't
even know if this is a bad decision to
be honest with you I think it might be a
completely okay decision to have red
chests on on the Blue Room we don't need
to save keys but they rarely give you
items anyway so we basically got
syndrome's out of a red chest you've got
to go soy milk even at the cost of your
own damage going way down being able to
spam shots like that makes it all worth
it party clown is like straight-up
garbage
we can't take any of these so I think
you just I think you void both of these
we got a fairly good I mean the luck
upgrades probably the best part but
getting damage out of that is not
insignificant necessarily so I am I'm
extremely happy that we are by the way
get ready for this sound but I am
extremely happy that we are holding Book
of Revelations inside a void right now
because it would be a flippin nightmare
man we're going to the void floor the
void floor is annoying we're going to
take a lot of damage probably delirium
itself is going to be
a total pain in the butt there will be a
discussion I'm sure about whether or not
soy milk was the right decision here
we've I mean if you factor it in a
pretty sure we lowered our damage by 80%
you know we went from like 9:00 to 2:00
but our rate of fire went from 9:00 to
1:00
which is a nine-fold increase in our
ability to output damage however I
actually cannot tap the button fast
enough to take advantage of that like
the ideal would be to flex your
four-hour muscle as hard as you can and
believe me I have practice doing this
but it's it's uncomfortable and
unsustainable it might even like what
I'm getting at it that the fact that our
rate of fire is 1 is not really that
relevant because if it was 3 we'd
probably be outputting the same amount
so it is plausible that soymilk was the
wrong decision the other option was my
reflection which I don't think does
anything for us but we could avoid that
room and who knows what that might have
given us I think it would have been a
safer bet maybe but I don't think the
hush fight is the right time to really
judge that by the way I know why I want
to have bandaged girl in there chewing
but I also don't want to get that close
to the enemies did I not take night
light like where where is my night light
action here was waiting for their shots
to get slowed down am I losing my mind
or is bandage girl shooting what
vanna's girl get in there and do some
chewing oh that was so bad your job is
not to shoot bandage girl your job is to
chew well you are substantially less
useful you're actually like just a worse
version of the second level bandage girl
if you don't orbit me any longer but you
still you know don't chew on the enemy
it's like if I don't shoot you go in
there and deal some damage
no that's mad confusing dude I got no
idea what's up with that alright so
what's the game plan on the void floor
very very very simple we owe it to
ourselves to not fight delirium first we
got to try to get stronger before we go
through with the delirium fight recall
that damage upgrades are not going to be
all that useful tier effects are going
to take precedent but I mean if we see a
damage upgrade we probably take it even
though it's going to be like one tempest
as its magnitude will be 1/10 what it
normally would be you know you got to at
least just try and see if it was a black
heart you got to at least give me credit
I'm not going to go to that accidentally
okay so I don't need to look at the
scores I think that it's conceivable a
lot of people will make this but it
wasn't necessarily easy to make it to
the to the boss rush to make it to the
hush fight was a little easier although
it did get a little tight at the end
conceivable somebody could have gotten
mapping I did not get so more than
possible two extra spirit odds honestly
that's probably irrelevant but that's
okay you might want to leave spirit
hearts on the ground like
it seems maybe needlessly my newts but I
sort of disagree because we can generate
our own spirit hearts and we're going to
generate our own spirit odds as a
byproduct of using void to pick up items
or to you know use mom's bra or whenever
that we're going to do with them but so
why would we bother picking up spirit
arts that are on the ground those could
be used whenever we want them they could
be used dynamically instead of you know
whenever we have a battery charge so I
think those are more valuable the thing
is we're just not using the charge we
have right now which doesn't really help
us out so you know might be a case I'm
I'm doing the right thing for the wrong
reasons or at the wrong time at least
pretty happy to be alive here okay so
we'll void now because we can get the
full HP this could be delirium so I
think we just slow our roll I'm okay
with today's daily being a little on the
long side why not fight delirium right
now well I don't trust myself to not die
really we've got the voids we really
might as well leverage our our
advantages any one of those could be
delirium usually we'll find a tighter
cluster a little later that'll make
things easier on us so so it for magic
mush here in a secret room
you know secret room they'll magic much
but relatively efficient bomb ranking
wise I mean we're on the low side if if
you only look at the what leads up to
the boss rush we were on the low side we
were probably looking at like you know
top 500 maximum now of course we don't
want that goes up yet not to be good
anyway but now I think there's a
conceivable case that we could be in the
top 250 at least they we pulled it
together here and honestly I needed to
run like this get my confidence up
yesterday's daily was fine in the end
not great but fine but it wasn't what I
wanted you know I I messed up my plan on
today's daily we executed the plan
properly probably not delirium I mean
any boss fight is probably not delirium
but it says the lowest chance of being
delirium Gabby's head you take you use I
think you just go for the suck on it I
don't expect it to be particularly
strong but it's fine and we got a got
the item so it's a start
we got the left hand Guffey is not out
of the realm of possibility it's pretty
unlikely I can't believe we've had the
left hand for like three floors we've
gotten so many chests and then our first
guppy item was on a boss room on the
void you know whoever had that money in
the in the prop bets wherever at that
proposition in the prop bets is making a
lot of money I should say it's like
betting on the Senators to make it to
the conference finals if you know what I
mean
now just continue going here it's like
12 mega fatties it's not my favorite
room one has died
please they can make that jump I think
so gotta be careful we're done we're
done I'm going to use it I think we
should be using it whenever possible
battery charges aw that was so bad I saw
it coming I just couldn't get out of the
way fast enough I initiated the dodge
protocol slightly late we got spirit
eyes from the ground that we want to
make sure that we avoid ready for like
sucking up items we don't want but I
think we can we can afford to use it the
thing is we're never going to get a deal
with the devil so if we see an item that
we want to suck up but we don't have a
charge we can just wait like we lose
nothing I walked into the enemy because
I didn't do enough damage quickly to
kill a single spider that's not even a
bad sign that's just a needless damage
at this point in our lives lockdown I
mean I'm never going to use something's
wrong for productive purposes but might
might I ask what blew that up how did my
tear blow this up there must have been
one barrel in there that wasn't or one
barrel that we could shoot there many
barrels in there is my brain broken I
think my brain might be broken on this
one that's okay dude not saying every
single one of these should give us a
spirit oh that's unrealistic I am
suggesting some more of them should give
us spirit hearts
we've only fought one boss so far it's a
bit of a light floor
there must be here's like seven bosses
on the Delirium floor somewhere in that
range so honestly there should be like a
cluster of bosses over here which is
great because if they're clustered
together makes it less likely I'm just
going to save my charge for now because
effectively we are at full HP you know
having this charge stored up as an asset
so now we're not at full HP and we're
kind of wasting time but I'd like to
make sure we have a charge to suck up
whatever our next item could be anyway I
mean we should probably should have
sucked up Steam sale now that I think
about it that was a bit of a whisk there
[Music]
if I shouldn't be surprised that this
super-secret last floor of the game is
long but like it's really long dude this
could be delirium kind of misusing void
at this point but I really really do not
want to fight delirium first or second
or now wherever maybe I mean I know we
don't have to but I feel the I feel the
pull to do so anyway this will not be
delirium in all likelihood the bloat I
don't even wait to see if it was
delirium that's how confident I was in
my in my assessment of the situation
don't ever fire on me thank you
roasted the bloat pretty quickly suck
that up we get luck and honestly the
speed is so valuable we're almost out of
El please give me a battery charge no
batteries charge all right please give
me good items then because we are out of
charges it's not like we need one for
our boss fight anyway this is the gates
I'm happy with the speed upgrade it
might even be more valuable than damage
at this point makes it a lot easier for
me to dodge things give a sad bombs it's
a lovely get thank you very much
we have soy milk so I don't expect sad
bombs to real
crush it but nice nonetheless five extra
bombs uh now it matters don't question
it just say thank you and move on I
don't know how we didn't get hit there
now I don't think it really matters
whether we fight delirium first or the
second or twentieth so we're going to go
up and we've already we haven't done the
top one this has a good chance to be
delirium I'd say kind of by his lonesome
daddy-longlegs which is really nice
although daddy-longlegs Plus try acting
on the same floor is a little you know a
lot of this daddy-longlegs damage is
somewhat improv n table so can be a
little dicey but we made it happen ten
extra bombs at this point it's points
plus maybe bombs are good with sad bombs
but I don't think I mean we can just see
for a second here don't think it's going
to be great I'm really glad that I mean
if we're going to focus on the positives
exclusively here mistakes are well known
on this run but we we tried I think we
did a pretty good job - ready we already
checked that I'm sure and I think our
score is going to bear that out I don't
think today's score is going to be bad
but I'm really glad that we chose not to
go for one of these bosses right off the
bat I mean we'd probably would have
thought monstera through first but yeah
that Delirium fight could have been a
real problem goat head is not even worth
taking at this point but there's no
battery charges that I can see they're
just looking for like an empress card or
something take us to the next level if
not though where we're moving out we're
moving on and it's the Delirium fight
this is where you alt f4 if you want to
be a freakin trihard baby but we're not
going to do that we're going to fight
the lyrium gonna take a long time
that's okay not all of these deliriums
created equal some of them are wouldn't
say impossible but pretty difficult to
dodge some of them are very easy to
dodge and same thing applies for dealing
damage like now that we actually have
functional speed give me more of this
mom foot like we can stay far enough
away we are extremely lucky by the way
we have infinite range so it really
nullifies like one of the principal
difficulties and fighting delirium is
hey I never want to get close to this
guy because he fired shots extremely
unpredictably but I can't get that far
away or I'm never going to hit so we're
pretty lucky that we're we're able to
hit from afar we're going to take damage
if you've already taken damage but we're
going to take more damage over the
course of today's daily or today's Void
fight delirium fight
it's unpreventable see like in that
situation we were kind of darned if we
do darned if we don't but I think we can
leave today's daily a little proud you
know they say pride is the same tonight
can understand why we ever watched us
played player on knowns battlegrounds
pride is the downfall of many of our
runs I'd say but pride also means you
know you work for something and you
succeeded
uess maybe sacrifice not that you know
I'm not gonna make it sound like I've
given up a lot to be on today's daily
but I think we can be proud of our
performance today okay that that hurts
me we're at more than half of our HP and
we've taken out more than half of
greed-based we're at half of our HP and
we've taken out more than half of and I
said greed but I mean delirium of course
deliriums HP so good we're on pace at
least I'd rather be more on pace
there's a card down there the judgment
cards worth exploding but not worth
distracting yourself probably perfect
perfect perfect
I always get rattled by the explosive
shots man now remember I think you only
get the point ball hisses getting a
little close but you only get the point
bonus if you don't die I mean of course
even if he died I mean is will somewhere
so he can just lay back and chill
somewhere but gone on record you know
I'm not the biggest fan of the Delirium
fighting because no matter what you're
destined to get screwed on it by telefax
but I don't know how we didn't get it
there of what that like thank you
okay we're probably going to die I still
think today's daily is a success I can
live with myself
76 absolutely fine we did it our way
became 76 I'm proud of it please make it
so you get a point bonus for fighting
delirious oh there's some incentive for
but either way thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed it bTW click the like button
upside a great deal of course subscribe
to see more of the future for now thanks
for watching I'm pleased with today's
daily and I'll see you next time